Update docs with tutorials and how-to sections (#569)
xnd-project/rbc: doc/howtos/column.md

# Column Type

> The Column type provide the structure and organization for storing and
> retrieving data within HeavyDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Column type provides the structure and organization for storing and
retrieving columnar data within HeavyDB.
```
